Add providers endpoint (#74)
citysciencelab/urban-model-platform: src/ump/api/README.md

        result-path: simulation_geometry
        graph-properties:
          root-path: results.simulation_results
        anonymous-access: True
      process-2
        result-storage: "remote"
        deterministic: True
      process-3
        exclude: True
```

For each process, it is possible to choose from result-storage options. If the attribute `result-storage` is set to `remote`, no results will be stored in the UMP itself, but provided directly from the model server. In case it is set to `geoserver`, UMP will load the geoserver component and tries to store the result data in a specific Geoserver layer. You can specify the object path to the feature collection using `result-path`. Use dots to separate a path with several components: `result-path: result.some_obj.some_features`.

Processes configured with `anonymous-access: True` can be seen and run by anonymous users. Jobs and layers created by anonymous users will be cleaned up after some time (this can be configured in `config.py`).

Processes can be configured with `deterministic: True`. If so, jobs will be cached based on a hash of the input parameters, the process version and the user id.

> With `graph-properties` and the sub-property `root-path` you can configure processes to simplify graph configuration in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `graph-properties` and the sub-properties `root-path`, `x-path` and `y-path` you can configure processes to simplify graph configuration in the UI.
```
